mpm_event conflicts with php (#30)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/installation/manual_installation/manual_installation_apache.adoc

If you want to use a threaded MPM, look at a FastCGI configuration where PHP is running

> in its own memory space. ownCloud limit´s its support to Apache prefork only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in its own memory space. ownCloud limits its support to Apache prefork only.
```

[NOTE]
====

> In case you have enbaled `mpm_event` during an earlier setup of Apache, you may get conflicts notes from Apache. Use the following commands to solve this issue. The order of commands is recommended to ensure a smooth transition. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case you have enabled `mpm_event` during an earlier setup of Apache, you may get conflict notes from Apache. Use the following commands to solve this issue. The order of commands is recommended to ensure a smooth transition. 
```
